Question 1: What is the difference between JDK and JRE?
Ans :- Bytecode is a highly optimized set of instructions designed to be executed by what is called the Java Virtual Machine (JVM), 
which is part of the Java Runtime Environment (JRE). In essence, the original JVM was designed as an interpreter for bytecode. 
If any system JRE have then Java Bytecode run on it. 

Question 2: What is Java Virtual Machine (JVM)?
Ans :-  JVM is part of JRE and It designed instructions that is highly optimized way is bytecode.

Question 3 : What are the different types of memory areas allocated by JVM?
Ans :-  In Java JVM allocated memory on heap area , in which object are create for every class.Also static area in heap memory 
it store static variable on it.

Question 4: What is JIT compiler?
Ans :- Just-In-Time compiler in which code execute in small parts. And it is part of complier . JIT compiler is execute and 
complie on a time.

Question 5: How Java platform is different from other platforms?
Ans :-  Java platform is different form other because in java we can use byte code on other system and run it. Before that we 
can install jdk in system.

Question 6: What are primitive data types?
Ans :- Java is Strongly type Language. It have Eigth primitive type are :- byte,short,int,long,float,double,char,Boolean.

Question 7: Why it is not preferred to use float and double in financial applications, write a program to discribe the issue.
Ans :- In Financial application it used for add,multiple,subtraction,division are
Minor changes it major changes happen that why we can not used float and double in financial application , and it replace by 
Big decimal.

public class FirstApp {
	public static void main(String[] args) {
		System.out.println (2.0 - 1.1);
		System.out.println (1/10);
	}
}

Output: -	 0.8999999999999999
 			 0

Question 8: If a variable of primitive data type is not assigned, what does it contain?
Ans: - If we cannot assigned datatype to variable then get error that are:
		X = 10
		x cannot be resolved to a variable

Question 9: Why do we suffix L with long, F with Float and D with double?
Ans : In long we can use suffix as L because in java By Default Integer Primitive type used int. In a F suffix with float because
 in java By Default Double Primitive type used double, In double suffix D because it not taken a double it.

Question 10: What happens when you assign a variable of primitive data type to another variable of same type?
Ans: - When we assign a variable of primitive data type to another variable of same type it can assign that variable some value 
then it run. But if we cannot assign value and it assign to another one variable then get error compile time – the local
variable x may  not have been initialized.

Question 11 : What are reference data types?
Ans: - In Java we have a reference data type that are reference to other object.And it is a Non-primitive type.
